No Special
A weakness in the fabric of hyperspace greatly accelerates travel between the system and another nearby system, adding +2 to the hyperspace speed of ships, but the ships must first have warp drives.
Valuable remnants of ship wreckage are found orbiting one of the planets, and has already been quickly converted
to 50 BC.
A pirate's stash is found on one of the planets and contained 100 BC.
One of the planets in the system contains extensive gold deposits and will generate +5 BC per turn once a colony
has been established on the planet.
One of the planets in the system contains extensive gem deposits and will generate +10 BC per turn once a colony
has been established on the planet.
Humanoid life has already begun on the world. When you land on the planet, you integrate them into your colony. Once integrated they may only work the farms, and will not leave the planet to colonize elsewhere. Furthermore, the natives do not gain the racial bonuses of your race.
A colony once broke off from your race and formed a separate colony. The colony is small (3 population) and will
want to integrate into your society once again.
A industrialized race has colonized one of the planets in the system. Their civilization is pre-warp and cannot leave the star system. The colony is large (5 population) and they have a small fleet and will defend their system.
A small space monster resides the star system and will attack any ships that attempt to enter the system.
An extremely advanced civilization once inhabited this world and has inexplicably disappeared, leaving relics of
wonder that adds +2 points to the research generated by each scientist on a planet. The first player to discover
the system gets one or two free technology advancements
 The Guardian defends the ruins of the ancient Orion homeworld. To plunder Orion's riches you must defeat the Guardian.
Trade Goods converts the production of a colony into BCs for the imperial treasury.
Housing converts the production of a colony into population growth.
